word	definition	part_of_speech	example
leapling	Someone born on a leap day, the 29th of February.	noun	In Taiwan, for example, the legal birthday of a leapling is 28th February in common years, so a Taiwanese leapling born on Feb 29, 1980 would have legally reached 18 years on Feb 28, 1998.
carcade	A form of celebration where a number of car owners drive slowly and sound their horns in a public place, for example after sporting events and weddings.	verb	The traffic movement along their route from the airport to the hotel was stopped till Shoania's carcade passed.
sniggler	A person who catches eels by hand, one who sniggles.	noun	A sniggler is a person who catches eels by dangling bait into their holes in the riverbank.
sagathy	A mixed woven fabric of silk and cotton, or silk and wool; sayette; also, a light woolen fabric.	noun	The walls and the moats, the gates and the sentinels, the long High Street with the great government buildings, and the constant rattle of drums and blare of trumpets; they made my little heart beat quicker beneath my sagathy stuff jacket.
witling	A pretender to wit; a would-be wit.	noun	He's the underdog you root for; a victimized witling in a land of condescending Talented.
legerity	Quickness or agility of mind or body.	noun	Alighting with the legerity of a cat, he swerved leftward in the recoil, and was off, like a streak of mulberry-coloured lightning, down the High.
quietive	That which has the property of inducing quiet or calm, as a sedative medicine.	noun	For every sort of pleasure is never anything more than the quietive of some need or longing; and that pleasure should come to an end as soon as the need ceases, is no more a subject of complaint than that a man cannot go on eating after he has had his dinner, or fall asleep again after a good night’s rest.
megilp	A gelatinous compound of linseed oil and mastic varnish, used by artists as a vehicle for colors.	noun	The same result may be obtained by the use of megilp, a mixture employed by artists.
